Rails Initialization Process Guide (#11)
bhumi1102/rails: guides/source/initialization.md

def initializers
	Bootstrap.initializers_for(self) +
	railties_initializers(super) +
	Finisher.initializers_for(self)
end
```

The `bootstrap` initializers prepare the application (like initializing the
logger) while the `finisher` initializers (like building the middleware stack)
are run last. The `railtie` initializers are the initializers which have been
defined on the `Rails::Application` itself and are run between the `bootstrap`
and `finisher`.

The [custom initializers](configuring.html#using-initializer-files) in your application under `config/initializers` are also run as part of the `initialize!` call. They are registered via [`load_config_initializer`](https://github.com/rails/rails/blob/36bd50c82b46046c9f352e06fa552221586028d8/railties/lib/rails/engine.rb#L643) in `Rails::Engine` Railtie. They are run in alphabetical order by file names in that directory.

At the end of the `Rails.application.initialize!` call, the Rails framework and application are loaded and initialized! We're also at the end of the `config/environment.rb` file.

Now all that is left to do is to start the server. Before that, let's see how you can add custom code to the initialization process.

> Hooking Into the Initialization Process

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hooking into the Initialization Process
```

---------------------------------------

### Lazy Load Hooks

The purpose of [Lazy Load Hooks](https://api.rubyonrails.org/v8.0/classes/ActiveSupport/LazyLoadHooks.html) is to do something when the application loads certain parts of the Rails framework. For example:

```ruby
# config/initializers/my_active_record_extension.rb
ActiveSupport.on_load(:active_record) do
  include MyActiveRecordExtension
end
```

> The Rails framework is responsible for loading the components and when a specific component (e.g. Active Record above) is done loading, you can choose to be notified with the `ActiveSupport.on_load` helper.

Reviewer: While the load hooks can be seen as a notification that a component has loaded I think it's more about executing a piece of code:
```suggestion
The Rails framework is responsible for loading the components and when a specific component (e.g. Active Record above) is done loading, you can choose to execute code with the `ActiveSupport.on_load` helper.
```
